all right what's up okay fellas I just
wanted to this is John with the 2008
f450 the King Ranch took my Saturday
like I said I would and went ahead and
deleted the DPF on this truck what we
did was we did the bank's ram-air kit
with the bank's super cool dual
five-inch tip there's the ram air
there's the DPF there's your dual five
inch straight pipe bear with me with the
video we get a flashlight but I want to
tell you guys a couple things about this
because it was a pain in the ass but God
our done so straight pipe
turbo back 5-inch but what I want to
tell you guys is about deleting this DPF
okay put the billet grille on - I hope
you guys like that and our real good
vertical grill but deleting this DPF was
a little bit of a pain we're programming
right now I'll show you the ran there
don't worry about that over there that's
the Batmobile that thing right there is
way too much to handle so bear with me
here I'll try to do too many things at
once button I'm going to show you that
there is the banks Ram their everything
stock looks really really good but what
I want to tell you guys about this DPF
is now I did this job myself today okay
so basically no helper no help
whatsoever nothing from start to finish
I got about eight hours in this project
that's deleting the entire exhaust from
front to back
installing the new exhaust installing
the ram air kit installing the billet
grille and also washing and waxing the
truck
I got about eight hours in it so it is a
little bit of a pain in the ass
the egt sensors that are in the existing
DPF system are a to get out
so two of them came out simple the other
two were just a pain in the ass it took
me I'd say good two hours to get one egt
sensor out just working on it off and on
you know I'd hit it with some
penetrating lube and then
way and then come back and then go away
finally I heated that cheery red
and then hit it with penetrating Lube he
did it again to cherry red and then hit
it with penetrating lube and finally got
it out but that's the only thing that
really took the most time like I said I
did this by myself today and I got about
eight hours in it so I just want to give
you guys an update I will be running a
couple of more videos on fuel mileage
and performance tomorrow and hopefully
this bad boys and upwards a six seven
hundred horse and getting twenty miles a
gallon so I will keep you guys posted
and let you know how it goes and we will
go from there so I hope you guys enjoy
these videos like I said there's not too
many with the SCT TSX there's not too
many with the 450s either so I'll be
posting numerous videos like the truck
hope you guys like what I'm doing and I
hope that the information that I'm
giving you guys is useful so that if you
go to do it it helps so